but
and
hi everybody this string order and
today's session on record and torment
guitar i will start with my favorite models this
tele caster is not with him somehow easier to live
here and this telecaster uneasy
especially the telecaster 72 custom japanese
production famous 3 bolt
mount alder body maple neck
without lining in my yes thin
quite comfortable in general telly in my
outstanding here and here with so that's quite
cool and cute sensor intel here
test today instead of boogie
f50 instead of a combo of course in general
not a finder but still a clean channel
it is quite as good a drive is
so nothing so let's play today in
him
Here is the TV has a very radical difference
in the sound of this here because
so even though he is single
special very single
very so deep so and even buzzing
really actually very cool sounds
here and of course the standard is this one
trade
bridge
but the nature of the sound on this st
tele you can get anything
there is everything what he likes in general he will give
Now let's see healthy but meat
Of course I say again, that is all
still more modern scott but still
f50 is not the most evil option what
maybe that's why I think nothing
terrible will not turn off the gifted
channel here and see what happens in
us
but
and
the world
Well, here is such a reef but generally speaking
similar telly naturally remember telly
there whale richards from the group rolling
stones Well, in general, here are similar
simple things there from the soul can be wet
Here are such reefs in different ways completely
will sound in my opinion very very
explanatory tool that's so Welkom
write call will be happy on this
goodbye bye